README.md, before:

# Core Criterion and Core Evidence Vocabulary (CCCEV)

The Core Criterion and Core Evidence Vocabulary (CCCEV) is designed to support the exchange of information between organisations defining criteria and organisations responding to these criteria by means of evidences.

The CCCEV contains two basic and complementary core concepts:

* the criterion, something used as the basis for making a judgement or decision, e.g. a requirement set in a public tender or a condition that has to be fulfilled for a public service to be executed; and
* the evidence, something which proves that something else exists or is true, in particular an evidence is used to prove that a specific criterion is met by someone of by something.

Copyright © 2016 European Union. This vocabulary is published under the ISA Open Metadata Licence v1.1, https://joinup.ec.europa.eu/licence/isa-open-metadata-licence-v11

The current version of the Core Criterion and Core Evidence Vocabulary can be downloaded from https://joinup.ec.europa.eu/release/core-criterion-and-core-evidence-vocabulary-v100.

Any problems encountered, or suggestions for new functionalities can be submitted as issues on the Core Criterion and Core Evidence Vocabulary repository on GitHub. A short guideline for submitting issues can be found at https://github.com/SEMICeu/CCCEV/wiki.

Commit message:

pre release version of CCCEV 2.00

README.md, after:

![SEMIC Core Vocabulary](/images/semic-icon-small.png)

# Core Criterion and Core Evidence Vocabulary (CCCEV)

The Core Criterion and Core Evidence Vocabulary (CCCEV) is designed to support the exchange of information between organisations defining criteria and organisations responding to these criteria by means of evidences.

The CCCEV contains two basic and complementary core concepts:

* the requirement, something used as the basis for making a judgement or decision, e.g. a requirement set in a public tender or a condition that has to be fulfilled for a public service to be executed; and
* the evidence, something which proves that something else exists or is true, in particular an evidence is used to prove that a specific criterion is met by someone of by something.

The latest specification is CCCEV 2.0.0 can be found at [https://semiceu.github.io/CCCEV/releases/2.00/index_en.html](https://bertvannuffelen.github.io/CCCEV/releases/2.00/index_en.html). 
  - [ ] some sentences about the artificats provided 
  - [ ] add a reference/sentence to other Core Vocabularies (part of a bigger picture) 
  
The activities the SEMIC community performs around this specification are found on [Joinup](https://joinup.ec.europa.eu/collection/semantic-interoperability-community-semic/solution/core-criterion-and-core-evidence-vocabulary). 

Any problems encountered, or suggestions for new functionalities can be submitted as issues on the Core Criterion and Core Evidence Vocabulary repository on [GitHub](https://github.com/SEMICeu/CCCEV/issues). A short guideline for submitting issues can be found at [https://github.com/SEMICeu/CCCEV/wiki](https://github.com/SEMICeu/CCCEV/wiki).



Copyright © 2020 European Union. All material in this repository is published under the license [CC-By 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), unless explicitly otherwise mentioned.
